README.md, before:

# Community Hub
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: v22.18.0
- **Java**: 17.0.17 (2025-10-21)

### Backend Setup (JSON Server)

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rahul54193/Mockserver/tree/main
   cd Mockserver
```

2. Install dependencies and start the server:
```bash
   npm install
   npm start
```
   
   The server will start on port 3000.

### App Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rahul54193/CommunityHub/tree/main
   cd CommunityHub
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
   npm install
```

3. **Network Configuration**:
   - Ensure your device is connected to the same WiFi network as the backend server
   - Check the configuration in `src/api/client.ts`

4. Run the app:
```bash
   npm run android
```

## Architecture Overview

### Tech Stack

- **React Native** - Mobile framework
- **TanStack Query** - Data fetching and caching
- **Zustand** - State management
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **React Native Paper** - UI icons
- **JSON Server** - Mock backend

### Key Design Decisions

**TanStack/React Query**
- Automatic caching, refetching, and synchronization
- Reduces boilerplate for async operations

**Zustand over Redux**
- Simpler API with less boilerplate code
- Sufficient for current app complexity

**Storage Strategy**
- React Native Keychain for sensitive data over Local storage.

**UX Enhancements**
- Keyboard dismiss on tap for better mobile experience

## Future Improvements

Given more time, the following enhancements would be implemented:

- [ ] Splash screen on app launch
- [ ] Search and member count filters on the community list screen
- [ ] Theming dark and light
- [ ] Internationalized (i18n) multilingual app  
- [ ] Unit tests using React Native Jest
- [ ] Real-time updates via WebSocket integration
- [ ] Environment variables for development, staging, and production
- [ ] Custom app icons

Commit message:

[ADD]:optimistic ui and better pagination

README.md, after:

# Community Hub
## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- **Node.js**: v22.18.0
- **Java**: 17.0.17 (2025-10-21)

### Backend Setup (JSON Server)

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rahul54193/Mockserver/tree/main
   cd Mockserver
```

2. Install dependencies and start the server:
```bash
   npm install
   npm start
```
   
   The server will start on port 3000.

### App Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Rahul54193/CommunityHub/tree/main
   cd CommunityHub
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
   npm install
```

3. **Network Configuration**:
   - Ensure your device is connected to the same WiFi network as the backend server
   - Check the configuration in `src/api/client.ts`

4. Run the app:
```bash
   npm run android
```

## Architecture Overview

### Tech Stack

- **React Native** - Mobile framework
- **TanStack Query** - Data fetching and caching
- **Zustand** - State management
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **React Native Paper** - UI icons
- **JSON Server** - Mock backend

### Key Design Decisions 

**TanStack/React Query**
- Automatic caching, refetching, and synchronization
- Reduces boilerplate for async operations

**Zustand over Redux**
- Simpler API with less boilerplate code
- Sufficient for current app complexity

**Storage Strategy**
- React Native Keychain for sensitive data over Local storage.

**UX Enhancements**
- Keyboard dismiss on tap for better mobile experience

## Future Improvements

Given more time, the following enhancements would be implemented:

- [ ] Splash screen on app launch
- [ ] Search and member count filters on the community list screen
- [ ] Theming dark and light
- [ ] Internationalized (i18n) multilingual app  
- [ ] Unit tests using React Native Jest
- [ ] Real-time updates via WebSocket integration
- [ ] Environment variables for development, staging, and production
- [ ] Custom app icons
- [ ] UI can be made more better
